Swapping two profile descriptions,. (#3284)
opensearch-project/project-website: _community_members/rmanickam.md

linkedin: ramesh-kumar-manickam-60b90a14

---

> Ramesh heads the TruContact Enterprise Product Engineering group in Bangalore and brings 24+ years of Industry experience building Software Products & Engineering Centres of Excellence cutting across TravelTech, FinTech and CommTech.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ramesh heads the TruContact Enterprise Product Engineering group in Bangalore and brings 24+ years of industry experience building software products and engineering centers of excellence across TravelTech, FinTech, and CommTech.
```
